Update docs with tutorials and how-to sections (#569)
xnd-project/rbc: doc/howtos/manager.md

# Table/Row Function Manager

> The function manager in HeavyDB provides a convenient mechanism of handling the
> state of user-defined functions. It can perform various tasks such as
> allocating memory for output buffers, retrieve dictionary encoded strings in
> the [dictionary proxy](string-dict-proxy), and raise exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function managers in HeavyDB provide a convenient mechanism of handling the
state of user-defined functions. They can perform various tasks such as
allocate memory for output buffers, retrieve dictionary encoded strings in
the [dictionary proxy](string-dict-proxy), and raise exceptions.
```
